I USED '#' to make a comment


#sender
message>fields>Source>originator>authentic                                                                                From
message>fields>Source>originator>authentic>#list>special                                                                  :
message>fields>Source>originator>authentic>address>mailbox>addr-spec>local-part>atom                                      billgates 
message>fields>Source>originator>authentic>address>mailbox>addr-spec>special                                              @
message>fields>Source>originator>authentic>address>mailbox>addr-spec>domain>sub-domain>domain-ref>atom                    microsoft
message>fields>Source>originator>authentic>address>mailbox>addr-spec>domain>sub-domain>domain-ref>special                 .
message>fields>Source>originator>authentic>address>mailbox>addr-spec>domain>sub-domain>sub-domain>domain-ref>atom         com


#destination
message>fields>destination>                                                                                               To
message>fields>destination>address>mailbox>addr-spec>local-part>atom                                                      elonmusk
message>fields>destination>address>mailbox>addr-spec>special                                                              @
message>fields>destination>address>mailbox>addr-spec>domain>sub-domain>domain-ref>atom                                    paypal
message>fields>destination>address>mailbox>addr-spec>domain>sub-domain>domain-ref>special                                 .
message>fields>destination>address>mailbox>addr-spec>domain>sub-domain>domain-ref>atom                                    com

message>fields>destination>address>mailbox>addr-spec>special                                                              ,

message>fields>destination>address>mailbox>addr-spec>local-part>atom                                                      edwardsnowden
message>fields>destination>address>mailbox>addr-spec>special                                                              @
message>fields>destination>address>mailbox>addr-spec>domain>sub-domain>domain-ref>atom                                    nsa
message>fields>destination>address>mailbox>addr-spec>domain>sub-domain>domain-ref>special                                 .
message>fields>destination>address>mailbox>addr-spec>domain>sub-domain>domain-ref>atom                                    gov


#CC
message>fields>destination>                                                                                               CC
message>fields>destination>address>mailbox>addr-spec>local-part>atom                                                      ajm94
message>fields>destination>address>mailbox>addr-spec>special                                                              @
message>fields>destination>address>mailbox>addr-spec>domain>sub-domain>domain-ref>atom                                    calvin
message>fields>destination>address>mailbox>addr-spec>domain>sub-domain>domain-ref>special                                 .
message>fields>destination>address>mailbox>addr-spec>domain>sub-domain>domain-ref>atom                                    edu



#subject
message>fields>optional-field                                                                                             Subject
message>fields>optional-field>text                                                                                        THIS IS AN EMAIL




#date
message>fields>dates>orig-date>date-time>day                                                                              Mon
message>fields>dates>orig-date>date-time>date>DIGIT                                                                       19
message>fields>dates>orig-date>date-time>date>month                                                                       Mar
message>fields>dates>orig-date>date-time>date>DIGIT                                                                       03
message>fields>dates>orig-date>date-time>time>hour>DIGIT                                                                  12
message>fields>dates>orig-date>date-time>time>hour>DIGIT                                                                  00
message>fields>dates>orig-date>date-time>time>zone                                                                        EST


#message
message>text                                                                                                              THIS IS MY EMAIL MESSAGE.







Within section 3.3
    1. Categorize the tokens as terminal and non-terminal.
        terminal: CHAR,ALPHA,DIGIT,CTL,CR,LF,SPACE,HTAB,<">,atom
        non-terminal: CRLFmLWSP-char,linear-white-space,speicals,delimiters,text,quoted-string,qtext,domain-literal,dtext,comment,ctext,quoted-pair,phrase,word

    2. Now reflect, how did the divide between terminals and non-terminals effect the task of figuring out how to classify things?
        I classified things as terminal if they didn't point to a different token, if it did point to a different token then it is a non-terminal


Within section 4.1
    1. What is the "artifact of the notation" that the note is talking about?
        It is basically saying that because of the notation that we are using for certain things we need to put things in a certain order. For example, headers can be put anywhere but the text of the header must come after the header.

Overall, do you think that this was a good specification?
    I don't think that this is a good specification because I do not like when for something to work properly you need to put something in a certain order (see headers).